FFI: variadic do return extra goals (#396)
LPCIC/elpi: CHANGES.md

# v3.6.0 (Feb 2026)

Requires Menhir 20211230 and OCaml 4.14 or above on Linux, Windows and

> MacOS 14 (Sonoma). MacOS 15 (Sequoia) and later require OCaml 5.4.

Author: ```suggestion
Requires Menhir 20211230 and OCaml 4.14 or above on Linux, Windows and
MacOS.
```
